1.	Bakajac, D. (2025). The Impact of AI on Skill Development and Career Progression in Software Engineering (Doctoral dissertation, Technische Universität Wien).
2.	Parasa, M. (2023). Optimizing career mobility and development using AI-powered path mapping tools within SAP SuccessFactors career development module. International Journal of Science Engineering and Technology, 11.
3.	Yusuf, S. O., Abubakar, J. E., Durodola, R. L., Ocran, G., Paul-Adeleye, A. H., & Yusuf, P. O. (2024). Impact of AI on continuous learning and skill development in the workplace: A comparative study with traditional methods. World Journal of Advanced Research and Reviews, 23(2), 1129-1140.
4.	Barua, R., Ghosh, S. K., Rahman, M. N., Biswas, K. C., & Haque, M. S. (2025). Optimizing Software Engineering Careers: Hiring, Retention, and Workforce Development. Journal Of Creative Writing (ISSN-2410-6259), 9(1), 49-65.
5.	Lovelace, C., Covington, M., & Morris, M. (2022, March). Utilizing Professional Development to Improve Student Career Outcomes in Computer Science and Software Engineering. In Proceedings of the 54th ACM Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education V. 2 (pp. 1422-1422).
6.	Mylsamy, S., & Kumar, S. (2025). Mentorship And Career Development For Software Engineers: Best Practices Developing Software Engineers.
7.	Majanoja, A. M., Hakkala, A., Virtanen, S., & Leppänen, V. (2023, June). Motivation for continuous software engineering expertise development through lifelong learning. In Proceedings of the 19th International CDIO Conference, hosted by NTNU, Trondheim, Norway.
